Category...
1) get the records by sorting the name
	select * from category order by(name);
2) get the records by sorting the name but first 2 should be mens fahshion and womens fashion.
	select id,name as n1,
	case
	    when name='mens fashion' then 'A'
		when name='womens fashion' then 'A'
		else name
	END
	from category order by(name);

3) get 5 records sort by name
	select * from category order by(name) limit 5;

4) get the records by sorting the name in descending order
	select * from category order by(name) DESC limit 5;

Product...........

1) get the top 5 products based on cost.
	select * from product order by(cost) desc limit 5;
2) get the heighest cost product
	select * from product order by(cost) desc limit 1;
	select * from product where cost in (select max(cost) from product)
3)get second most highest cost product
	select * from product order by(cost) desc offset (select count(*) from product where cost in (select max(cost) from product)) limit 1;
4) get unique costs
	select distinct cost from product;
5) find the average cost

6) get the products which has lesser than average cost
7) get the products with same name and cost.
8) get the product rate seperation(high, low). if the cost >2000 then it's high else low[Use CASE and IIF]
9) get the prodcuts with the given cost range.
	select * from product where cost between '7000' and '10000'
10) howmay products are there with highest cost.
	select count(*) from product where cost in (select max(cost) from product)

11) select the products with the exact cost match.
	select * from product where cost in ('10000','9000');
12) find the count of variable costs in products. in our case answer is 10
	select count(distinct cost) from product;
13) get the products which has duplicate costs

14) top 5 selling products.
	select productid, sum(quantity) as sold from salesproducts group by(productid) order by(sold) DESC limit 5;

15) print productid, sold quantity
	select productid, sum(quantity) from salesproducts group by(productid) order by(productid);
16) print product details along with categoryname
	select p.id,p.name,p.categoryid,c.name as categoryname 
		from product as p, category as c
		where p.categoryid=c.id;



Sales order...
17) number of sales orders
	select count(*) from salesorder;
18) print sales order id and number of products in sales order.
	select salesid, count(productid), sum(quantity) from salesproducts group by(salesid)
		order by(salesid);

19) count of sales orders which has two product in sales order.
	select salesid, count(productid) as count_products, sum(quantity) as total_products from salesproducts
	group by(salesid) having count(productid)=2 order by(salesid);

sales products...
20) print sales products information along with product name and category name
	select sp.salesid, sp.productid, p.name as productname, c.name as categoryname
	from product as p, salesproducts as sp, category as c
	where p.id=sp.productid and c.id=p.categoryid;


Trasaction table
create a table for account trasactions.
customerid    credit    debit    type
1             2000       0       credit
1             3000       0       credit
1             0          1500     debit
1             0          500     debit

Get the account balance based on credit and debit records of customer.
1 find the customers who bought only single product
2 which product got sold most
3 find out total no of products sold
4 combine two tables
5 add an existing column of sales order into salesproduct
6 find out the customer who has same lastname
7 find out how many female customers exist